One. A fist of pure emotion

I woke up and shame took me. Again.
	Did it count as a dream? It was just a replay of reality, really, with some added brain-embellishments that brought it across the threshold from documentary to head-fiction. If anything, it was a low-budget dramatization, where all the actors were me, and I had nobody to blame for the hackneyed script but myself. I was all the characters, and the trees, and the fucking dog that wouldn't stop barking somewhere in the distance. That it came to me while I slept, again and again, was just a technicality.
	Sleep is when we're off our guard, and when the real world has fallen from the foreground. Behind everything, behind the world, the memory was on loop, constantly, somewhere in the back of my head, like solar radiation at the back of a television signal. Turn off the show and all that was left was static.
	"Hey," her text read. "Do you like me? Because I really like you too."
	See? Hackneyed. That's not how people talk in real life.
	I'd gone for a walk like a teenager, aimlessly laser-pointed in her direction, and "accidentally" found myself in the park near her apartment. It was the thickest snowfall in years; the city was the Disney Christmas movie version of itself. Some children were enthusiastically building a snowman, and the Scottish air lilted with innocent profanity. I texted her a photo of them, choosing to leave out the sound, to let her know I was nearby. The dreams hadn't settled on a canonical text message: some nights, I just sent her a text describing the thick layer of white falling over the mountains in the distance. Either way, the content was neither here nor there. I was hoping she would invite me in.
	I stood in the snow, surrounded by the swirl of the wind and an escalation of cherubic _get tae fucks_, and waited. Hoped.
	She invited me in.
	We had tea, because this was Britain, for God's sake, and that's what you do. We chatted about nothing at all, making small talk, really, while her windows steamed up against the cold outside. The words weren't important: all I could concentrate on was the synchronized butterfly chorus singing and dancing in the pit of my stomach. My gastric system was hosting a lepidopera down below, a majestic production of butterfly song, yet not a single one of them, no matter how hard I tried, could make it to my mouth.
	There was no bravely declaring how I felt. There was no moment of bravery. There was no courageous reveal. Instead, I made polite conversation, said my goodbyes, and left.
	Once again, I found myself in the cold and the swearing, kicking myself, literally and figuratively.
	And that's when I received her text. There was a moment of bravery after all, but it wasn't mine. She had more than made up for my cowardice, and not for the last time.
	"Hey. Do you like me? Because I really like you too."
	_My God, yes. I've never felt like this with anyone before. The universe - all of time and space - is aligned whenever I talk to you. You see things that I can't see and change the way I think about everything. Most of all, you see me. I never want to leave your side. Please don't make me._
	"Yeah. One more hug?"
	"Okay."
	I turned around, walked back to her front door, and jabbed my finger on the intercom. She buzzed me in and I leapt to her spiral staircase, its thin, stone steps barely holding onto the wrought-iron bannister. Up the first flight. And the second. And the third. And, _dear Christ, whose idea was this_, the fourth.
	And there, at the top, waiting for me, was a different person to the one I had been drinking tea with minutes earlier. This version of her was one I wasn't scared to show my feelings to. This version of her was all I ever wanted to see again.
	We kissed.
	And that was where the dream always ended, leaving me alone, in the dark, ashamed.
	She was gone; a long time ago now. And so was I.
	
The morning sky cast stained glass patterns through the redwood trees, first in red and orange, and then a glorious blue. The air was crisp and smelled of trees and grass. Somewhere above me, birds sang.
	"Wake up. You're on toilet duty," Twins said, standing over me, his dark beard blending into the shadow of his silhouette.
	"Oh for fuck's sake," I said, groggily turning over.
	"Hurry the fuck up."
	"I was on toilet duty the day before yesterday. What the fuck happened to Chick?"
	Twins paused, looking at me. Finally, more quietly: "You didn't hear? Chick's gone."
	I sat bolt upright. "Gone? Did he go back to the city? Did he defect?"
	"No," Twins said, deliberately. "They got him."
	"Shit shit shit. We've got to move." I was up on my feet now, my heart pounding.
	"It was his fault. He was hunting with Cowboy, and he saw some deer and chased them too close to the hotel. Cowboy tried to stop him, but he just kept going. He got cocky - maybe he thought he could sneak in and sneak back out again without anybody noticing - and someone was able to get a read on his face. At least, that's what Cowboy thinks. Maybe they were just trigger-happy, because either way, they blew his brains out. Instantly. He's gone."
	"Oh my God. Poor Rooster."
	"We've relieved her from her duties this week, against her wishes. She seems pretty stoic right now. It'll hit her."
	"They're going to come after us."
	"They'll need to find us. They didn't see Cowboy, or any of the rest of us. We haven't seen any drones or any footfall. We're okay."
	"We should move. Today. Now."
	"Maybe," Twins said. "That's probably a good idea. But first, you're on toilet duty. Rise and shine, Heartbreak."
	I stood and stared at him, my heart pounding.
	"Heartbreak. Snap out of it. We're safe."
	Yeah. Heartbreak. My name is Heartbreak. In a world where our government-issued names are a liability, we're all named after emoji. We were in California, after all; land of Silicon Valley toys and the technology that had made all this happen. It wasn't  safe to know each other's names, or anything about who we were or where we came from. Using emoji was the best we could come up with. We all chose our symbol, and a broken heart seemed like the most appropriate for me. 
	There is no emoji for shame.
	I sighed and pulled myself together. A friend had been gunned down by government boots on the ground, and now I had to shovel everybody's shit. Just another day in one of America's glorious National Parks.
	
Do political dissidents on the run from a despotic regime empowered by consumer technology repurposed to serve as an all-seeing surveillance machine shit in the woods? The answer is a resounding yes.
	Toilet duty was nobody's favorite job. And once your political dissidents had shat in those woods in significant numbers, some poor jackass had to dig a hole, shovel the shit into it, accompany it with an absorbent material like wood chips or old newspaper, cover it over again, and camouflage the scene of the crime so that nobody would think to dig into it for a DNA signature that could be used to track us down or harm our families. That person, three times out of the last four shift cycles, had been me.
	If the National Parks Service hadn't been disbanded and replaced by a division of the Department of Homeland Security, they would have been very unhappy about us openly defecating our way through Yosemite.
	Years ago, I might have put my AirPods in my ears, unlocked my Apple iPhone, launched a streaming music service, and played a personalized playlist of songs optimized for productivity. Now, not so much.
	It wasn't even that I couldn't connect a device to the cellular network; I couldn't have any kind of device at all anywhere near me. Any device would immediately alert Homeland Security; they would know that I was alive, that I was standing at these exact geo-coordinates and this exact elevation, and everywhere I'd moved. They could silently tell it to switch on its microphone and its camera, and they would watch me right up until some authority hack placed both of his leather gloved hands around my neck and squeezed. And it didn't matter if it was on or off. Even when they looked like they were powered down, the devices would send a signal over the network. Not very often, but enough to track me.
	So, no iPhone. No internet. No 4G LTE. No cloud. No infinite repository of all the world's music, ready to stream to me. No distractions. Just: humming.
	"Is that ... are you humming _Hanson_?"
	And sometimes I couldn't even have that.
	"Leave me alone, Poo," I said.
	"We've talked about this. It's Chocolate Ice Cream," Poo said.
	"Whatever. Leave me alone. Also, I'm pretty sure it was a poo."
	"Up-and-To wanted me to tell you we're going to move on tonight." Up-and-To was short for "Up and to the Right". Every person who joined the group got to pick their new name from the stack of remaining emoji. Up-and-To had been an executive at a huge, international technology startup, before he was ousted. Before the coup, he had been in the newspapers. We all knew who he was; we all knew his real name. Still, here he was "Up and to the Right". He was exactly the kind of person who would pick a graph pointing in that direction as his identity. A notorious dickhead.
	"I'm digging," I said.
	"Right, well. I just wanted to let you know," Poo said, turning to walk away.
	Ugh. I sighed, wedged my shovel into the dirt, and turned to face him. "Sorry. Look. I'm pissed off because this is the first thing I'm doing this morning. But I'm glad we're moving on. Tonight seems late, and I'm scared shitless about what happened to Chick. But whatever. He probably knows what he's doing."
	"Well, maybe," Poo said. "I'll let you know if there are any changes. I'll leave you to dig your shithole."
	I grunted, glad to return to humming my song.
	
